1-2:The Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) defines the protocols and standards for how the Internet works. The members of the IETF are;A loosely organized collection of citizens and engineers who communicate mostly by email.
1-3:What is an RFC?;Request For Comments
1-4:Choose the two best answers to complete the sentence: If I understand how the Internet works then I will be able to:;make informed choices to support or oppose decisions my government makes about access to the internet.;make informed choices about my privacy on the internet.
2-4:To improve communication in playing battleship on the Internet Simulator your group invented a(n):;protocol
2-5:Which of the following information is not necessary in your protocol to play battleship?;Time
3-3:protocol;A well-known set of rules
3-3:packet;A chunk of information that gets sent on the Internet
3-3:Internet Protocol;The required structure of a packet to be sent on the Internet
3-3:IPv4;A packet of data that uses 32-bit addresses
3-5:How many users would a fixed-length IP address system using 6 bits support?;64 users
3-6:IP addresses contain information similar to addressing a letter where you need include the state, zip code, street and number. This is called:;hierarchy
4-3:In the Internet Simulator, your router knows to send your message to a different router because:;The first 4 bits of the address specify the router number that your friend is on.
4-4:If the post office delivered mail exactly like routers deliver messages on the Internet, which 2 of the following statements would be true?;The mailman would sometimes take a different path to deliver each letter to your home;Letters would be written on the outside of envelopes for all the read instead of letters put inside envelopes.
4-5:Which two of the following statements are true about reroutings on the Internet.;A packet traveling between two computers on the Internet may be rerouted many times along the way.;A packet contains addressing information to allow routers to decide how best to forward along that packet toward its destination.
5-4:Pick Two: Pick the two statements about packets and routing on the Internet which are true.;TCP ensures messages can be reliably transmitted across the Internet;TCP must account for the fact that packets may not arrive at a destination computer in the intended order.
5-5:Which of the following is NOT true about packets?;A message sent across can always be contained in a single packet.
6-3:What does a minimum spanning tree tell you about a graph?;The fewest number and smallest total distance of connection necessary to connect all points in a graph.
6-4:The images below all show the same map (or graph) but have different paths between the points highlighted. Please choose the image that is highlighting a Minimum Spanning Tree for the map;C
7-2:Which one is the shortest path tree from the source node indicated?;A
7-3:Which of the following statements is FALSE about minimum spanning trees (from the previous lesson) and shortest path trees:;The shortest path algorithm you learned vists each vertex and edge once.
7-4:Which of the following is NOT something we are concerned with when we write and algorithm?;The algorithm is short.
9-3:A single central register of IP addresses and names (a DNS style system) is an efficient means of translating human readable names to IP addresses. Which of the following is NOT solved by DNS?;There are too few IP addresses to meet the current demand.
10-3:What feature of DNS and IP allow the Internet to scale?;Hierarchy
10-4:What is a disadvantage of the open standard of addressing used by the Internet? (Pick 2);Censorship;Spoofing
11-3:HTTP is considered to be a high level protocol because:;HTTP requests make use of abstractions provided by lower level protocols.
11-4:Chose Two: Identify the two true statements about HTTP.;An HTTP request is sent from a client to request access to data stored on a server.;Displaying a web page will often require multiple HTTP requests in order to acquire all the necessary data.
13-5:What is the “key” to a Caesar Cipher that someone needs to know (or discover) to decrypt the message?;The number of characters to shift each letter in the alphabet.
13-6:The Caesar Cipher has 25 different shifts to try. How many possibilities are there to try in a random substitution cipher?;26 × 25 × 24 ×···× 3 × 2 x 1
14-5:character frequency;the distribution of letters in a language.
14-5:heuristic;technique used to find an approximate solution.
14-5:encrypt;use an algorithm to encode a message
14-5:decrypt;use an algorithm to decode a message
14-5:cipher;another term for encrypted message
14-5:random substitution cipher;encryption in which arbitrary symbols replace letters
14-5:Caesar cipher;encryption based upon the alphabetical order of letters.